Next thing that I'd like for you to do is
I'd like for you to tackle these reviews.
So remember the weird layout that's caused
up here is caused by some of those media
queries that we had earlier.
So you may wind up having to get rid of
some of those media queries that were
responsible for the review.
That's thing number one.
Thing number two,
inside of the reviews here,
let's look at our HTML, so
that HTML is changed a little bit.
Our figures are the same, but
you'll notice that what I called for
in between each figure is the quotes,
small lightning bolt, okay?
And you have access to
that small lightning bolt.
It's here in the exercise up here,
there's the lightning bolt.
You can view it for the SVG code,
or copy that URL and
put it in an image tag, all right?
And you'll drop all those
lightning bolts on in there.
Then what you're going to need to
do is look at your designs here.
And notice that depending on the layout,
you're gonna show different
lightning bolts or hide them.
Make sense?
You don't have to do
all the review layout.
Let's just focus on getting those
lightning bolts in the right place and
showing or hiding as correctly.
So what I'd recommend that you do is
your first approach is go through and
put in the lightning bolts, just put
them all in and make sure they all work,
that would be the first
thing that I would do.
Then I would think about, just on mobile,
what lightning bolts are showing,
what lightning bolts are hiding, right?
We probably need a class
to make that happen.
And then you're gonna change
that setting at tablet, and
you'll change it again at desktop.
Make sense?
Let's see how you did with the reviews.
But before we go there, I wanna point out
the error that I made with my buttons.
And that is, I have a wrapper here,
this is inside of my base styles.
I have a wrapper that did
not have the max width set.
So I set my max width to 500 pixels.
And now my buttons are behaving just fine.
So without that line,
I'll show you what it looked like.
They were whacked out in crazy [LAUGH] so
when I put that line back in,
now those buttons are behaving
a little bit better.
So that's what happened with that.
Remember that later in our document,
way down here at the bottom,
where have I got it?
I've actually got it in my reviews.
I have two media queries in my reviews,
one is a minimum width of 800 pixels and
the other is a minimum
width of 1,000 pixels.
And here I change the width of my wrapper,
okay?
So now those buttons should
behave a little bit better, okay?
So here we are at tablet dimensions.
They are bigger than the boxes,
the album boxes there, the NEW TOUR and
IT WAS ALL A DREAM, they're a little
bit bigger than that right now.
And that is because their width this
currently controlled by the width of
the rapper.
Make sense?
Okay, fantastic.
All right, so
let's talk about these reviews.
So let's start off with our HTML.
And what I have going on here in the HTML,
we have our figures.
We can just fold up the figures,
we don't need to even look at them.
Then I have a line of code like this.
So this is a div with a class of
bolt because it's a lightning bolt.
And then we have our image source and
we have our lightning bolt here.
I've left the alt text empty because
these are truly decorative elements.
They're just little
separators on the reviews.
We don't need a screen reader
to tell us that they are bolts.
[LAUGH] Make sense?
Okay, so these are just decorative images.
Now, some of these,
let's take the second one here.
I have some other classes in place.
I have a class of hidemobile.
Guess what that does?
>> Hides it on mobile.
>> Hides it on mobile, wow.
And I have other ones here
with a class of hidetablet.
Guess what that does?
>> Hides it on tablet.
>> Hides it on tablet?
Wow, cool.
Yeah, super high tech approach here.
So there's a mix of those hiding
on tablet and hiding on mobile.
So then the corresponding code in
CSS winds up looking like this.
So here I am in my reviews layer, okay?
I changed my reviews layout, so I'm just
doing flex box now, plain old flex box.
Row wrap, justify the content
in the center, one rem gap,
and text-align center.
So everything is just gonna flow with flex
box which is exactly what we want, right?
We don't want any stiff kind
of grid stuff going on.
We want these to be
a little bit more flexible.
So that's why I picked flex box.
And then I have hidemobile display none.
In my media query, for tablet,
we bring back hidemobile,
now it's display block and
we take hidetablet and we display none.
Make sense?
Change the padding on
the reviews a little bit.
So, when we get to the larger screen size,
there they are, they look good, okay?
And then when we get to
the larger dimension,
now hidetablet is back to display block.
So there it is.
And eventually,
you can stretch your reviews all
the way across the top of the screen.